[receiver/googlepubsub] Add support for Google Pub/Sub push subscript… (#18511)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/googlecloudpubsubreceiver/README.md

The following configuration options are supported:

> * `mode` (Optional): The mode that the receiver is in, either `push` or `pull` is supported. The default is `pull`.

Reviewer: With this implementation, the receiver is either in `pull` or in `push` mode. Would it be possible to allow the receiver to be configured for both `pull` and `push` in a single instance? Does it make sense?

Author: You can set another receiver with another mode in the same collector... but if it would make sense? The choose of either `pull` or `push` depends on the deployment model. The `push` mode I'm going to use in Google Cloud Run (a serverless container runtime).

* `project` (Optional): The Google Cloud Project of the client connects to.
* `subscription` (Required in pull mode): The subscription name to receive OTLP data from. The subscription name  should be a 
  fully qualified resource name (eg: `projects/otel-project/subscriptions/otlp`).
* `encoding` (Optional): The encoding that will be used to received data from the subscription. This can either be
  `otlp_proto_trace`, `otlp_proto_metric`, `otlp_proto_log`, or `raw_text` (see `encoding`).  This will only be used as 
  a fallback, when no `content-type` attribute is present.
* `compression` (Optional): The compression that will be used on received data from the subscription. When set it can 
  only be `gzip`. This will only be used as a fallback, when no `content-encoding` attribute is present.
* `endpoint` (Optional): In `pull` mode, override the default Pubsub Endpoint, useful when connecting to the PubSub emulator instance

>   or switching between [global and regional service endpoints](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/service_apis_overview#service_endpoints). In `push` mode the endpoint is that address that the http server listens to for receiving Pub/Sub messages. 

Reviewer: Isn't the `endpoint` option only used for `pull` mode? It looks like the `push` mode uses` push.endpoint` and not `endpoint`.

Author: You're right; I refactored it after I wrote the documentation. Fixed.

    encoding: raw_json
```

The full list of settings exposed for this receiver are documented [here](./config.go).

## Modes

> The receiver supports two modes: ' push' and `pull`. If you don't explicitly set the mode in the config, the default is `pull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The receiver supports two modes: `push` and `pull`. If you don't explicitly set the mode in the config, the default is `pull`.
```

Author: I've pushed it along with my single fixup commit.
